Adamantios was found as a baby on a battlefield near Sparta by a general of the army. Deemed strong for his ability to survive on the field alone he was taken by the general to be raised as his personal slave and so was marked on his left cheek.
His mother was an escaped slave from a nearby island, she was half minotaur and died shortly before Adamantios was found.
As the years went by Adamantios proved to be a great asset for the general on and off the field, with his brute strength, large physic, and serious nature Admantios distinguished himself not only from other slaves but also other soldiers. At the age of 16 as a test, he was given a small squad to lead in a fight following an overwhelming victory he was given his second mark on his right cheek marking him a true son of Sparta and a free man.
Now after a few years, he sets out to a new battle in Athens to discover his true parentage as he follows the call for change in the world and escaping the screams of the dead behind him.

Adamantios is a serious guy, a very serious guy. Some may say an overly serious guy. He has a lot of PTSD of course from years on the battlefield even as a baby and some unresolved issues with his body image especially concerning the two small horns he hides in his curly hair and helmet. He tends to lose control and enter a rage whenever he sees a red cape flying about for a reason unknown to him. He tends to keep a red cape on him at all times to enter a rage state voluntarily something that causes more issues as one can guess.